+++
title = "L3"
+++

This is a guest room with attached kitchenette and bath.

- Contact 9880891907 ९८८०८९१०७ ೯೮೮೦೮೯೧೯೦೭

## Guest Norms
- NO BROKERS PLEASE.  Available from Jan 2.
- No Non-Vegetarian food (meat, fish etc..) on premises. No alcohol, no drugs.
- No unapproved parties. No noise 21:30 to 07:00.
- Segregating dry and wet waste is a must. No littering terrace or neigbhorhood.
  Please clean up during your stay and when you leave. No shoes in house.
- No dogs or cats.
- No illegal activities online or offline which could land me in trouble.


## Outside
- Good, calm neighborhood - details [here](https://xetram.github.io/dyugangotri/neighborhood/) .
- You'll need to be able to climb 3 flights of stairs (33 feet) - so we contribute to your fitness :-).
- Good green view from the terrace. Good outdoor furniture and plug points.
- Ours is a mostly natural home (even wall paint is natural) - built so as to minimize microplastic pollution, carbon footprint. Plus it is equipped with solar panels which more than meet our energy demands.
- Covered parking for bikes. Ample street parking for cars.
- Electronic-capable locks

## Inside
- 178 sqft room + kitchen, 28 sqft bath room.
- Great ventilation
- Equipped with musquito screens on doors and windows.
- Cupboard and lot of shelf space
- good internet
- kitchenette with basic vessels (no fridge so far though.)
- A 3ft*6ft cot, pillow, blankets, bed. Extra bed available.
- Table, chair.

### Bath
- geyser for hot water (Please switch on only when needed, and turn off later).
- Laundered towel, toothpaste, soap provided.
- We don't stock toilet paper - like most Indians we use a health faucet (water pipe/ bidet) for cleaning.


## Pictures
- [Gallery](../images/l3/)

<details><summary>विज्ञापनानि</summary>

- [NB](https://rebrand.ly/dgL3NB)
- [OLX]() 
  - Must create fresh every time. 
  - "You have already posted 1 free ad in last 120 days for Properties"
- [FB](https://www.facebook.com/marketplace/item/511229716659735)
- AirB
</details>



